# Demo application of KiiThingSDK Embedded for GT202

This is a demo application for KiiThingSDK Embedded for GT202.

### Preparation

This demo application is based on Throghput Demo. So you need to
install some softwares including Throghput Demo. If you already have
GT202, you can get installation manual form Arrow UEC. Please contact
Arrow UEC.

To build this demo application, you need IAR Embedded workbench for
ARM. IAR home page is
[here](https://www.iar.com/jp/iar-embedded-workbench/ARM). Some
information IAR Embedded workbench for ARM can be got from the
installation manual from Arrow UEC..

We also assume that host borad of GT202 is FRDM-K22F.

### Build

If you have installed some softwares according to installation manual
from Arrow UEC, you can find a folder at
C:\Freescale\Freescale\_MQX\_4\_1\demo\throughput\_demo\custom

The build steps are followings:

  1. Copy all .c and .h files in this directory except
  prv_kii_recv_copy.c to
  C:\Freescale\Freescale\_MQX\_4\_1\demo\throughput\_demo\custom.
  1. Open IAR workbench for ARM. 
  1. In IAR workbench for ARM, select [File] -> [Open] -> [Workspace] and
  select C:\Freescale\Freescale\_MQX\_4\_1\gt202kits\_frdmk22f.eww.
  1. Select throghput_demo/Source/custom and add files copied at 1.
  1. Apply kii_cloud_demo.patch to Command\_Lists.c and Tasks.c.

At 1, if you want to use non ZERO_COPY version of MQX, you should copy
prv_kii_recv_copy.c instaed of prv_kii_recv_zero_copy.c. ZERO_COPY is
MQX feature.

At 5, Copy kii_cloud_demo.patch to
C:\Freescale\Freescale\_MQX\_4\_1\demo\throughput\_demo\custom, And
execute following command.

```sh
patch -p0 -u --binary < kii_cloud_demo.patch
```

After that, you can build and download demo demo application binary
with IAR workbench for ARM mannter.

### Execution of demo application

#### Connecting to access point.

After downloading the demo application binary to FRDM-K22F + GT202,
You can access the demo application with terminal program like
[TeraTerm](http://sourceforge.jp/projects/ttssh2/). Setting of
terminal program can be found in installation manual from Arrow UEC.

First of all, We need to connect to access point of your network. You
can connect access point and get ip address with following procedure.

```sh
shell> wmiconfig --p <passphrase>
shell> wmiconfig --wpa <ver> <ucipher> <mcipher>
shell> wmiconfig --connect <ssid>
shell> wmiconfig --ipdhcp
```

#### Commands of demo application.

After getting ip address, you can use this demo application.
This demo application can be executed with following mannter.

```sh
shell> kii COMMAND
```
You must replace COMMAND to one of followings:

  * register
  * authentication
  * new-object
  * new-object-with-id
  * patch-object
  * replace-object
  * get-object
  * upload-body-o
  * upload-body-m
  * download-body-o
  * download-body-m
  * delete-object
  * subscribe-bucket
  * unsubscribe-bucket
  * create-topic
  * delete-topic
  * subscribe-topic
  * unsubscribe-topic
  * push
  * server-code-execute

This COMMANDs is one-to-one correspondence to KiiThingSDK-Embedded API.

### Limitations

* This demo application use HTTP. Current GT202 can not use HTTPS.
